README.md, before:

# hstream

streaming html templates

like [hyperstream](https://github.com/substack/hyperstream), but faster. it does not support all hyperstream features.

currently unsupported:

 - inserting text; only html is supported
 - prepending or appending to attributes

[![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![travis][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![standard][standard-image]][standard-url]

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hstream.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/hstream
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/goto-bus-stop/hstream.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/goto-bus-stop/hstream
[standard-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[standard-url]: http://npm.im/standard

## Install

```
npm install hstream
```

## Usage

```js
var hyperstream = require('hstream')

hyperstream({
  'div > .x[attr="value"]': fs.createReadStream('./xyz.html')
})
```

## API

### `hyperstream(updates)`

Create a through stream that applies `updates`. `updates` is an object with CSS
selectors for keys. Values can be different types depending on what sort of
update you want to do.

Selectors support the most common CSS features, like matching tag names,
classes, IDs, attributes. Pseudo selectors are not supported, but PRs are
welcome.

Pass a stream or string to replace the matching element's contents with some
HTML. Pass an object to set attributes on the matching element or do some
special operations. When passing an object, you can use keys prefixed with `_`
for the following special operations:

 - `_html` - Replace the matching element's contents with some HTML
 - `_prependHtml` - Prepend some HTML to the matching element
 - `_appendHtml` - Append some HTML to the matching element

All properties accept streams and strings.

```js
hstream({
  '#a': someReadableStream(), // replace content with a stream
  '#b': 'a string value', // replace content with a string
  // prepend and append some html
  '#c': { _prependHtml: 'here comes the <b>content</b>: ', _appendHtml: ' …that\'s all folks!' },
  // replace content with a stream and set an attribute `attr="value"`
  '#d': { _html: someReadableStream(), 'attr': 'value' },
  // set an attribute `data-whatever` to a streamed value
  '#e': { 'data-whatever': someReadableStream() }
})
```

## Benchmarks

Run `npm run bench`.

```
NANOBENCH version 2
> node bench/hyperstream.js

# hyperstream single
ok ~5.38 s (5 s + 381237046 ns)

# hyperstream many
ok ~5.67 s (5 s + 673399368 ns)

# hyperstream small file
ok ~946 ms (0 s + 946487806 ns)

# hstream single
ok ~1.16 s (1 s + 159528184 ns)

# hstream many
ok ~951 ms (0 s + 951094352 ns)

# hstream small file
ok ~70 ms (0 s + 70058016 ns)

all benchmarks completed
ok ~14 s (14 s + 181804772 ns)
```

## License

[Apache-2.0](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

add _replaceHtml (#2)
* Add _replaceHtml

* push replacement html at the end

README.md, after:

# hstream

streaming html templates

like [hyperstream](https://github.com/substack/hyperstream), but faster. it does not support all hyperstream features.

currently unsupported:

 - inserting text; only html is supported
 - prepending or appending to attributes

[![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![travis][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![standard][standard-image]][standard-url]

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hstream.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/hstream
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/goto-bus-stop/hstream.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/goto-bus-stop/hstream
[standard-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[standard-url]: http://npm.im/standard

## Install

```
npm install hstream
```

## Usage

```js
var hyperstream = require('hstream')

hyperstream({
  'div > .x[attr="value"]': fs.createReadStream('./xyz.html')
})
```

## API

### `hyperstream(updates)`

Create a through stream that applies `updates`. `updates` is an object with CSS
selectors for keys. Values can be different types depending on what sort of
update you want to do.

Selectors support the most common CSS features, like matching tag names,
classes, IDs, attributes. Pseudo selectors are not supported, but PRs are
welcome.

Pass a stream or string to replace the matching element's contents with some
HTML. Pass an object to set attributes on the matching element or do some
special operations. When passing an object, you can use keys prefixed with `_`
for the following special operations:

 - `_html` - Replace the matching element's contents with some HTML
 - `_prependHtml` - Prepend some HTML to the matching element
 - `_appendHtml` - Append some HTML to the matching element
 - `_replaceHtml` - Replace the entire element with some HTML

All properties accept streams and strings.

```js
hstream({
  '#a': someReadableStream(), // replace content with a stream
  '#b': 'a string value', // replace content with a string
  // prepend and append some html
  '#c': { _prependHtml: 'here comes the <b>content</b>: ', _appendHtml: ' …that\'s all folks!' },
  // replace content with a stream and set an attribute `attr="value"`
  '#d': { _html: someReadableStream(), 'attr': 'value' },
  // set an attribute `data-whatever` to a streamed value
  '#e': { 'data-whatever': someReadableStream() }
})
```

## Benchmarks

Run `npm run bench`.

```
NANOBENCH version 2
> node bench/hyperstream.js

# hyperstream single
ok ~5.38 s (5 s + 381237046 ns)

# hyperstream many
ok ~5.67 s (5 s + 673399368 ns)

# hyperstream small file
ok ~946 ms (0 s + 946487806 ns)

# hstream single
ok ~1.16 s (1 s + 159528184 ns)

# hstream many
ok ~951 ms (0 s + 951094352 ns)

# hstream small file
ok ~70 ms (0 s + 70058016 ns)

all benchmarks completed
ok ~14 s (14 s + 181804772 ns)
```

## License

[Apache-2.0](LICENSE.md)
